hey guys welcome back so today I have my
updated eyebrow tutorial for you um now
that it's getting hot pencil is not
doing what it's supposed to be doing for
me so I actually bought this back when
the eyebrow collection from Mac came out
I think it was maybe about two or three
months ago and I liked it when they
applied it for me at the maxilla but
once I did it I was a guy at all I had
to learn to work with it but now since
it is a gel base and it is waterproof I
absolutely love it for the summer or for
the hot weather because my eyebrows on
to stay on longer so for this tutorial
you will need an eyeshadow primer yes I
do pry my eyebrows before I apply
anything on them this one here is by a
Lime Crime and it's my absolute favorite
eyeshadow primer it's waterproof and
it's cruelty free which you all know I
love and then the Mac fluid mixed use
and witnesses maximum brow gel cream and
the color dirty blonde and you will need
an angle or an angled brush any brush
that you like I'm using one by Sedona
Lee's just because this is waterproof
and your brush if you don't clean it
daily it will get damaged so I'd rather
just use something that I'm not gonna
miss just in case and but yeah any angle
brush will work you could use one from
the drugstore it doesn't really matter
and then you will also need I'm using
the Mac duo eyebrow powder but you can
use any matte brown eyeshadow that you
like is the dark one and the light one
so your going to need two colors for
this and then I am also using seems like
a map tutorial home I'm also using the
mac studio finish concealer and nc15
this is two sheets lighter than my
foundation or one shade lighter than my
foundation actually and I just use this
to carve out my eyebrows using a NYX b23
all-purpose brush that's what it's
called but I think it's a concealer
brush or a lip brush it could be it's
just a small very very small synthetic
brush in and gets right under there so
that's why I really really like this
brush so like I said this is I still use
pencil for my eyebrows but this is more
like an updated ahh
somewhere who's sexy that's not soul
sister this is more like a summertime
hot weather longer-lasting eyebrow to
type you guys enjoy and I'll go ahead
and get started thank you for watching
bye guys
okay so the first thing you do is prime
your eyebrows with your favorite primer
I'm using here the lamb crime eyes
shadow helper and you do this because
you're also applying powder to your
eyebrows so this will help them last
longer okay so next I'm taking an angle
brush by Studio Nelly's and the fluid
luring brow gel cream by Mac in the
color dirty-blond and applying it
directly to my era brow creating an arch
and in long eating my tail I'm also
applying it to the center of my eyebrow
because this is a gel base and it is
waterproof so it's going to act like
your gel for your eyebrow the more you
press on the product the darker it will
be I'm focusing the color mainly on my
arch and on the rest of my eyebrow I'm
being more gentle just making sure that
it's going to give it a fade in effect
with the same brush and Max brow jewel
in the color redhead I'm taking the
darkest color and focusing this on the
outer half of my eyebrow making sure I
use small gentle strokes to create the
illusion of more hair
with the same brow duo and the lightest
color of the two I'm going to take my
brush and paste it upward at the
beginning of my brow and this will
ensure that there's a gradient effect
always use a spoolie to make sure that
the product is well blended and that
your eyebrows are nice and neat
taking a NYX b23 brush which is just a
very small synthetic brush and mac
studio finish concealer in NC 15 I'm
going to begin carving on my eyebrows
from the bottom only gel tends to get a
little messy so you want to make sure
that your arches are even and this will
help you do that
and the last step is to set your
concealer using your favorite
highlighting eyeshadow here I'm using
foxy from The Naked basics palette